At the component level,
you must select the option add component.
A side panel available Adapt components appears
on the right of the screen.
Select or type to search from the
list of available components.
Select the accordion component.
There are three buttons that will appear.
Add to left, add full.
add to right.
Select the button labeled add full.
A full width accordion component is added to the page.
You can now create the content for the component.
On the component card,
select the gearwheel button labeled
click to edit and choose Edit from the options.
This opens the component settings menu.
In the field labeled title,
enter a new component title.
Written content is added
to the box labeled body.
Navigate to the properties section,
then to the field labeled instructions.
Instructions must be added to ensure
learners navigate the component properly.
Select the button labeled add.
A side panel will appear with
options to add item content.
In the field labeled item title,
enter a new item title.
Add item body content.
Once you have added the
item title and body content,
navigate to and select the button labeled OK.
The item is now added to the accordion component.
Repeat the steps to add another item to the component.
To add a graphic to the item,
select the green button labeled select an asset.
Adapt will navigate to the
asset management library where you
will choose the appropriate graphic.
Type the word suitcase in the search box.
A listing of all the suitcase
graphics currently available
in Adapt will be displayed.
Select the asset labeled
OHS-suitcase-worker.png.
Select the button labeled done.
Add appropriate description for the
image in the field labeled alt.
Use the navigation bar to Scroll down
and select the button labeled OK.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left of
the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
adapt will automatically save your
component title and content and take
you back to the page structure menu.